So we were guarding it, and my roommate and I were out.
Well, in one corner, they'd bring coffee and sandwiches by.
The food service would make coffee and sandwiches, and they had a pickup truck.
They brought the food by at night, and so we were out there all night.
Now, I don't know why they don't guard it now, I don't think, do they?
I don't know whether they do or not, but we were on all corners of the campus.
We were out here.
But anyway.
And in fact, was it fun?
Yes, uh-huh, yeah.
I think it was all fun then, and the reason I say that is because you couldn't lock your room.
So as a result, if they were bad to us, then we'd drown them out that night.
So you've got to give and a take with everybody.
You know, it wasn't a fact that today they, the students feel it's personal when a sophomore, junior yells at them or stands them on the wall, whatever they call it.
And in those days, we didn't take it personal.
You know, we just said, fine, go ahead.
just watch out for tonight or tomorrow night or the next night, you know, and sure enough, he'd come.
Can you share any of the best Good Bull events you recall, whether you were involved in them or not, they were during your time?
What were some of the most distinctive, unusual?
Well, the one that comes to mind, they had just, two juniors had borrowed a board.
from A Infantry from downstairs, which was their pride and joy board.
And that day at noon, I think it was at noon, or that evening anyway, they proceeded to have a
board contest with us sophomores, with my classmates.
And so they put the board up and went to the movie.
And so my roommate and I, who were very nice all-around cadets, went in and got the board.
They'd hit it, they'd pulled out their cabinet, their medicine cabinet, and hung it down in the wall behind their medicine cabinet.
So we went in and got it, and I took it out and put it in a bush at the corner of the dorm.
How did John Noble look about behind the cabinet?
Well, we just searched two or three places and finally found it.
And so I took it out and put it in a bush, stuffed it down in a bush in front of the dorm, on one corner of the dorm.
So when they came back,
The next day, A Infantry wanted their board back and our friends couldn't find it.
And they really got it.
I mean, they, because they had some seniors in that outfit that were bloody.
Very bloody people.
And so that next night, I put on my dungarees and put it in my pants leg and took it over to Hart Hall where I had a friend that was going home that weekend.
I'd gone to high school with him.
He was a year behind me.
So he took it home and gave it to my mother.
And I kept that board until just about three years ago and I gave it to the guy that we stole it from.
And he gave it to his son.
I don't have any heirs to give it to, and he had a son, so he could pass it on to his son.
See, that's a precious story.
That's a precious story.
But I guess I had that thing 45 years.
My mother kept it, and I kept it, and didn't really know what to do with it.
I just never did throw it away.
So I finally gave it to him.
so he could give it to his son to pass on.
What about some one-of-a-kind drown outs?
Oh, well, my roommate and I, we drowned the same two guys out.
They were pretty bad guys.
And we didn't get away with that one, though.
I think they caught us.
What was your planned routine on these?
Well, the plan is just
to sneak in and throw the water.
There's one guy at the door.
I can't tell this story really, but there's one guy at the door and one guy throws the water.
you put it in your trash can, you pull the door to, and the doors open in, and there's a stick that has a little cutout on it that fits the door knob, and you put the stick on it, then you have time to run and hopefully clean your trash can out.
Because if they find water in it or drops of water in it, then you're dead, dead meat to them.
So we did that once or twice to those guys, you know.
So it was good.
That's what I mean by having fun, you know.
Did you get caught?
Oh, yeah.
And then what was the punishment?
Well, they just gave us the board again.
They didn't give us many demerits, you know, put us on a bull ring.
That wasn't their deal in my outfit.
They just, they loved to beat our rear ends more than.
All right, that fall, did you go on court trips that first year?
I think I went to Fort Worth.
I think I went to the Fort Worth court trip.
I went to one, I know.
How did you get up there?
I have no idea.
I just have no idea whether.
Do you remember where you stayed?
No.
My recollection of all those days are just.
And how were Aggies, when they marched down the main street of a town on a court trip, how were they treated?
Well, they were treated pretty good, you know.
I've never heard anything but positive.
No, they were all treated.
People really liked to see us, you know.
Did you ever hitchhike?
Yeah.
Living in Houston, of course, we went out here to the East Gate.
which is where the line started, in Houston anyway, and would hitchhike home.
And the line at home from Houston started out on Shepherd and Washington.
So I'd have somebody take us out there.
We were about four blocks from the Southern Pacific train station.
And the last train left about 11 o'clock.
The Owl, they called it.
And so if we hadn't caught a ride by 10.30, we'd get out there before dark, sometimes about 7.
But if we hadn't caught a ride by 10.30, we'd start running to the train station and get on the Al.
And the Al would leave there at 11 and get in here at 4.30.
Because it was the Houston Post run and the milk run, so it stopped at every telephone pole, you know, to drop off the milk and the paper.
But we'd get back in time to...
go to class or get to the dorm.
Didn't have to do that too often.
Did you or any of your buddies ever have a bad experience hitchhiking?
No, the only one I heard about, I wasn't with them, but they were telling me that they caught a ride out of Houston
And at the bridge on this side of Navasota is a deep gully.
You remember that?
The guy was drunk and ran right off down in that gully.
So they all got out, went back up on the road.
I left him down there.
Let's see.
Getting dates for Aggies.
Did you ever do the routine with the Tessies?
No, I didn't do that.
I was dating one or two girls in high school and I'd have my mother bring them up.
They had several little widow ladies that had
right here to South Gate that I would have my mother stay with and my date.
So it was pretty nice.
They'd have two or three bedrooms or maybe four bedrooms, you know, from a big home and family, and they were all gone.
Do you have any idea what the fee was for that bed and breakfast?
I don't know that the little lady, I didn't pay it.
I left my mother gave her something, but I don't remember paying anything.
It might have been free in my mind.
Might have been because I don't remember or she might have charged $5 or something.
I'm not sure.
I don't remember.
Right.
When they came up, was it usually for Friday and Saturday night?
Yes.
Uh-huh.
And for what kind of events?
Well, just military balls.
You know, that's, of course, all we had then.
We didn't have the, so.
How did Aggies behave at those events?
If you had a real attractive young lady, the seniors would try to take over if you were a sophomore or freshman, which would happen a lot.
And there was a lot of stories about the seniors leaving with your date and all that.
I never had that happen, but anyway, there was a lot of stories about that.
And how was it?
But the girls were treated like what?
Well, they were treated pretty good, you know.
One or two people said like royalty.
Yeah, they were.
And because they had enough people hawking after them, you know, because everybody couldn't bring dates.
I don't guess I had more than one or two up here.
You know, when you just, and I'm not bragging about this, but when you just don't have the money to do those things, you know, and so it's,
People were poor in those days, you know, in the 40s.
Well, you grew up in those days.
I'm the first person in the family who ever finished high school, let alone go to college.
Right, you know.
And this was big band music?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, it was the big band stuff.
And the dance lasted from until about what time?
Until about 12, 12 or 1 sometimes, you know.
Then where would the, where would the,
After a dance, where did Aggies and their dates go?
Normally in my instance, that's who you're interviewing, I just took them back to the dorm.
I mean back to wherever they were staying because it wasn't without any transportation basically speaking.
Wasn't too many places to go.
Too many places stayed open that late around here except the old honky-tonks down in North Bryan someplace, you know.
Now the kinds of bands that, what were some of the big bands that came to A&M in your ... I think they had Harry James and Glenn Miller and some of those people that came through here in those days.
They had the big bands.
They enjoyed playing here.
You mentioned the Honky Tonks.
Where were they?
They were out on Highway 21.
You know, we had Franklin's right down the road here, and Uncle Ed's over here on Welburn Road.
Where was Uncle Ed's located for me?
It's where that Chinese place is down there right now.
By the Goodwill or wherever that place is, they sell it.
Oh, okay.
That brick, that little brick, you told them.
Used to sell Chinese food in there or something.
And Uncle Ed sold beer.
Uh-huh.
Nothing stronger.
No.
This was a dry county.
Yeah.
And students walked down there.
Oh, yeah.
Did he close at midnight?
He wasn't open.
Yeah, I think they had a law.
He had to close at midnight or something like that.
But the funny story about Uncle Ed, you could order a lone star.
It had all long neck bottles then.
And they were all in a big ice chest with water and all.
And they had those paper labels on them.
So you'd order a lone star and he'd go through.
It'd be a Budweiser.
Then he'd go through.
It'd be a grand prize and it'd be...
slits and then so he'd just go back to the Budweiser and slip the paper off and say Lone Star.
So he always had what you wanted.
All right then where was Franklin's?
Franklin's was on Highway 60 about
Just past the vet school before you got to 2818.
And that was also beer only.
Did either of those serve hamburgers, hot dogs?
Franklin's did.
But Uncle Ed's was only?
I think it was just a beer joint, yeah.
Best I remember.
And did the place at Whiskey Bridge, did the place, everybody called Whiskey Bridge, did it have a name?
Not to my knowledge.
And it was just a little... Liquor store.
It was there when you... It was just a little liquor store, yeah.
That little building on the right as you cross the Brazos River.
That got leveled within the last year and a half.
Right, yeah.
It was empty for a long time, but anyway, that's where it was.
Now, the MSC was being planned... Uh-huh, and being built.
It was completed in...
52, I think, or maybe the latter part of 52.
Was it completed while you were a student?
No.
I think we had gotten out before it was completed.
Describe then what the YMCA was for students then.
Well, the YMCA was about everything.
It had a little soda place in it.
and where you get coffee and sodas and hamburgers and that.
And I think in the basement was a bowling alley, a one or two alley or three alley or something, bowling alley.
And that's where the corps chaplain was, or not the corps, not the cadet, but just the chaplain was.
So it was pretty handy to have and where a lot of us went there and then over on the,
corner let me see about where the about where the Sammy Sanders building is there was a little place not any bigger than a mobile home where it was a I think they called it George's
That was a coffee shop that we stopped a lot and drank coffee in there at the dorm area.
I think they called it George's.
I'm not sure.
I think that's what it was.
You said I drank coffee.
Were you a coffee drinker at home?
Oh, yeah.
Okay, so you didn't become a coffee drinker up here?
No, no, since I was about six years old, I guess, or seven or whatever it was when my daddy let me.
Was it kind of masculine then pretty well for Aggies to drink coffee?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Well, they had soft drinks and all that in there too, but coffee was the main thing that everybody drank.
Did you ever meet Mr. Cashin?
No, I didn't meet him.
I was going to ask you to describe him.
Did you know either of his sons?
Not in school.
Oh, really?
No.
Were they before you?
Or is Red after him?
Jim was before me.
Red was after me.
Okay.
Yeah, so I didn't get to meet them while I was here.
The Quack Shack, did you ever have to go to the...
I never went to the Quack Shack.
What they used to do, though, is they would, before review, they'd fill their mouths with hot water and run to the Quack Shack, and when they'd get there, there'd be a fever.
You know, they'd have a temperature when they got there, so they'd put them in bed.
And the craziest story I heard,
They put one guy back in the back of the hospital there.
I forgot what he had, but anyway, it was like a week before they went back and found him back in there.
A lot of stories like that.
Guy in Hall.
Graduated in Guy in Hall.
It was a nice, well, it was starting to get old when we got out of school, but Hart Hall, of course, was right across the street.
There was a window that they couldn't lock in the back, so we'd try to sneak in, and the guy would catch us most every time.
We'd come out the front.
Had all the movies in there.
It was the movie theater.
Wasn't but 20 cents or 10 cents or something like that.
But we still try to sneak in the back.
Did Aggies make any noise during movies and going home?
They helped the players along.
If it was getting rowdy or something, they'd chime in with them.
But the noise they made was never... Turn that off a minute.
But anyway, so.
At Guyon Hall, did you or anybody else ever pull off any stunts or good bull in there?
I never did.
I don't think too many of us over there did.
I didn't hear any real good stunts.
But sometimes did cheer and sing and shout?
Oh, yeah.
Here you go.
Let me think a minute.
Ignorance is the curse of God.
Wings, let's see, wings wherewith we fly to heaven.
I missed a word or two in there, but that's what was the inscription on Guy and Hall.
I used to remember that.
That used to be the big Cush question.
Ignorance is a curse of God and wings wherewith we fly to heaven, I think, or something like that.
And it's all gone by the wayside.
And that was a great saying, in my opinion.
I wanted them to put it on the Bush Library.
He was looking for something to put on the Bush Library, President Bush was.
And I told somebody about it, which probably never got to him, but anyway.
Would have been a great inscription on that library.
And I've always thought that we made a blunder when we demolished Guyon and didn't leave those columns, that facade there, looking straight up military walk, and that would have been a marvelous north
symbolic face of Rudder Tower.
Yeah.
Do you remember seeing any famous people who came to appear or perform at Guyon?
Bob Hope came here.
I believe Bob Hope did one time.
Did you see him?
Do you remember?
I can't remember whether I did or not.
Did you see We've Never Been Licked?
Yeah.
Saw that here.
And still have it.
In general, the other thing we had here that they don't have any longer is we had Religious Emphasis Week.
Yes, describe that.
Religious emphasis week was in February and every day, Monday to Friday during that week, they'd have it Monday maybe 9 o'clock, Tuesday at 10, Wednesday at 1, so forth.
There was a different hour each day so you wouldn't miss the same class.
You'd go to Guy and Hall, and they had an hour of singing and religious, and they'd have a sermon.
But we had Religious Emphasis Week here, and somebody would sing, you know, or anyway, it was a, which they don't have anymore.
But anyway, I thought that was a very impressive deal, you know.
Religious Emphasis Week, did you attend?
Yes.
Was there any kind of, in the Corps, was there any kind of compulsion that you had?
No.
No, no.
Wasn't anything like that.
It was just strictly a self attitude.
And it was, I don't say it was full every time, but it was.
well attended.
Back to athletics for a second.
Of all the football games that you saw as a student, were there any unforgettable moments?
Just the big storm that came through here at the TCU game.
I think that I went to that game.
I'm trying to think now if that was
I might have been out of school by then when that came through here.
That might have been a little later.
That was almost a tornado, wasn't it?
Yeah.
Describe Kyle Field at that time.
Well it was one story.
So all concrete in one story, it wasn't a big impressive.
A little horseshoe.
Were there any lights at all?
No.
Well, there were some lights.
I don't know how good they were.
But did they play any night games?
No.
It was all day games?
Yeah.
And you went to basketball games where?
DeWear Fieldhouse.
Describe DeWear, a typical Aggie game.
DeWear had probably the best floor.
anywhere in the country and it was so small that we had to go every other game.
We were divided by alphabet so they took A to Z or A to L and L to Z or whatever because we couldn't all get in at one time.
It was a lot of fun in there.
The old field house was good, old, rickety, you know.
It was old when we were here, you know.
But anyway, we enjoyed it, but only half the troops could go at a time because it wasn't big enough for all of us to go.
Who was the basketball coach then?
I'm trying to think.
I can't remember who.
Let's see, was it Marty Corot?
I believe it was.
And were there?
Yeah, my classmate's dad was the swimming coach, and I think Marty Corot was the basketball coach.
I believe that's right.
Yeah.
And did you guys ever attempt any good bull or pranks at a basketball game?
No, I don't think so.
It was pretty well down the line.
And baseball?
Baseball was that little old field out there.
Hadn't had very few.
Probably could seat maybe a hundred.
Right behind the football?
Yeah.
About where a parking lot is right now.
And the fence was up here toward Kyle Field.
And the home plate was out toward the highway.
Face this way.
Maybe a hundred seats out there or something like that.
It wasn't very big.
But it might have been.
What was the status of a Yale leader then?
Were they campus?
Well, they were big time.
They were big time?
Yeah, they were very big time.
Red Duke was the head Yale leader in 50, along with Glenn Kaufman, the past senator from San Antonio.
They were the two senior Yale leaders.
Describe Red Duke as an undergraduate Aggie.
Well, he was in B troop jocks.
B troop jocks.
was disbanded about every other semester for frolicking around and getting themselves in trouble.
And then they'd farm them up again and they would be... Disbanded again?
Disbanded again.
But they were, you never did notice it, but the cavalry
insignia or their trademark was wearing their little caps down over their left eye, those little caps over their left eye.
And if you've ever watched a, when he first got started when Red Duke was doing his TV,
He had that scrub cap over that left eye, you know.
And no one would have ever thought that Red Duke, in due respect to him, would have ever gone to missionary school or to medical school when he was a cadet here.
Now, he was from, where was home?
I do not know where he was from.
Well, I don't think it was from any of the big cities, but I do not know where.
And was he known as an academic leader, as a scholar?
Not exactly.
He was known as Good Time Charlie.
You know, he was a... And did he have red hair in those days?
Yes, oh yeah.
So the red came naturally?
Yes, and what happened is on...
The building that was next door to where the Koch Building is now, there was a red brick building next to that.
I can't think of the name of that, but it faced the Koch Building.
It didn't face the streets.
It faced the Koch Building.
What's the name of that hall?
It wasn't Bezell, was it?
It might have been Bezell.
But anyway, the steps were about this wide, going up and down.
And that's where the Yale leaders would have Yale practice on occasion there in front of that building, because the Koch building, none of that was there from there to the YMCA.
So what they had to do when they turned to talk through their deal, they had to bring one foot over because of that narrow step.
Well, now that's where this funny thing is that Yale leaders do today of putting that one foot behind them, but in those days they had to step up and put it in front of it because of that narrow step.
So from that has evolved whatever they do today, the Yale leaders, from some weird stance that they have, you know.
And there wasn't any overalls in those days.
There wasn't any of that stuff.
It was all very, you know, the white uniforms and they were very, very respected in those days.
Fulbright and red and all that punch.
In the, in that, in your student days, what student office position carried the most prestige?
I think in my day it was the Yale leaders, I'd have to say.
More than corps commander?
Well, no, the corps commander was probably the most outstanding ever, but the Yale leaders were probably next.
Corps staff, the common, the corps commander was good.
had McClure was one corps commander, 49 I think, and then in 50 was A.D.
Martin from Dallas.
He was very outstanding.
He flew his own airplane in here in 47 when he entered school, so he was earmarked for the Corps commander when he landed, you know.
Not really, but anyway, he's just a good guy.
Was there even an office known as President of the Student Body?
I can't remember.
There probably was.
But there was a senior, there was a class president.
There was a class president, and then I think the Corps commander was just the big time.
There might not have been a student body president.
Were you aware at that era, were you aware of the existence of secret fraternities?
No, because I wasn't in one.
There was something called the TTs.
I don't really know what that was.
I wasn't involved in it, so I tried not to be, you know, but I don't know what that was.
I know there were some kids kicked out of school because they were in it or lost their commissions anyway.
All right.
Did you ever hear anything about the stickers in that era?
No.
You know what I'm talking about, too?
Okay.
What about steam tunnels?
Did you and your buddies know about steam tunnels?
Yeah, we knew about the steam tunnels.
That's the way you drowned out the dorm because you'd go through the steam tunnels and turn on all the water.
First, you'd go up and turn the water off in the steam tunnels.
Then you'd go up and uncap all the commodes and then go back down in the tunnel and turn the water on and then run like heck.
In those days, there wasn't but five or six KKs.
So they didn't have much of a chance on catching you.
But there's a lot different today.
I don't know what they've done.
As far as you know, a person could have gone into the steam.